Review the **Get Started** section (User Guide) (#2193)
advancedtelematic/ota-plus-server: ota-plus-web/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ota-workflow-campaign-manager.adoc

= The Workflow of an OTA Update

To deploy OTA updates in production, we use the concept of a campaign. We'll go into more details about campaigns later, but to understand the workflow, you first need to understand what goes into a campaign.

A campaign consists of the following elements:

* The relevant software update and the supported hardware.
* The new software versions to which you want to update.
* The groups of devices that you want to target for this update.

image::img::campaign-elements.png[image,600, align="left"]

In the OTA workflow, you set up each of these elements in a specific order.

.Overview of the OTA update worklow
[cols="3a,3a,3a,3a"]
|===
|1) Provision devices|2) Upload a software version|3) Group devices|4) Create a software update

|image::img::workflow-provision.png[image,100]
Connect your devices to the OTA Connect server. The server stores the following information about each device:

* The device identity

> * The hardware on the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Ok, github's suggestion feature seems to be a bit buggy here and lost the other suggestions near this line. Here's what the list should be:

* The device name or identifier (often a VIN)
* The serial number and control unit type of each control unit in the device
* The software version that each control unit is currently running

Author: Changed

> * The software update that it is currently running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The software version(s) that it is currently running
```
